DOC-2190 (#216)
tigergraph/gsql-docs: modules/ddl-and-loading/pages/managing-loading-job.adoc

* Two lines (Lines 4 and 5) do not pass the `WHERE` clause.

The errors that appear are the first line with an error in each batch in the loading job.
Up to 100 sample lines showing errors appear in the log.

== Handling Failures in Streaming and Batch Loading Jobs
=== Batch (File) Loading Jobs

> * Auto-resume Mechanism: Starting from version 3.10, the auto-resume mechanism ensures that the job resumes from where it left off.

Reviewer: Stylistically, it is better to have a blank line between Asciidoc/Markdown elements.

> * Graph Data Integrity: Already loaded graph data remains intact. Rerunning the job might reload some parts, but this does not affect the overall graph health.

Reviewer: There are editorial advantages in Asciidocs/Markdown to write one sentence per line:
https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-recommended-practices/#one-sentence-per-line

=== Streaming Loading Jobs
* Kafka Loader Failures: The auto-resume mechanism works similarly to file loading.
* Connector Failures: Kafka loaders remain idle until the connector resumes. Graph data remains unchanged until the connector issue is resolved.

=== Atomicity and Transactional Behavior

> * Neither streaming nor batch loading jobs support job-level transactional atomicity.
> * If a job fails and cannot resume, already loaded data remains in the graph and cannot be reverted.
> * Unlike databases that use temporary tables for atomicity, TigerGraph does not currently support this functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Loading jobs treat each data line as a transactional unit with implicit commit.
* If a job fails and cannot resume, already loaded data remains in the graph and cannot be reverted.
```
I think we should state what we do, not what we don't do.  There is an infinite list of things that we don't do, and it just makes us look bad to try to list them.
